= GoShrine Bot Client

* http://goshrine.com
* http://github.com/ps2/goshrine_bot

The GoShrine bot client is a library that allows you connect a local Go playing program that speaks GTP (like gnugo) to goshrine.com

The GTP protocol is documented here: http://www.lysator.liu.se/~gunnar/gtp/

== INSTALL:

* gem install goshrine_bot

== USE:

* Create a normal account on goshrine for your bot.
* Email feedback@goshrine.com with the account name, and request that it be changed to a bot account.
* Create a goshrine_bot.yml file in the following format, substituting your bot's login info :

 botname:
   :login: yourbotlogin
   :password: yourbotpassword
   :gtp_cmd_line: gnugo --mode gtp --level 1

* Run goshrine_bot botname

== ADVANCED CONFIGURATION:

In addition to the options listed above, there are some other configuration options that allow you avoid having your bot shut down for idle, and to limit the maximum number of games your bot will play at a time.

 local_gnugo:
   :login: gnugo
   :password: testpass
   :gtp_cmd_line: gnugo --mode gtp --level 10
   :idle_shutdown_timeout: 10
   :maximum_concurrent_games: 1
   :debug: false

== TROUBLESHOOTING:

Look for a file named something like gtp_08e03daa.log.  An exit status of 255 means that your program could not be found.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* json
* eventmachine

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Pete Schwamb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
